So we started with the idea
of authentication and
the state of techniques where we are,
okay?
So we cover this idea of username and
password,
on top of that multi-factor
authentication, credential management,
federated logins such as signing with
logging, web authentication, pass keys.
We created a login form,
see how we can enhance that login form
to work with today's password managers and
also some accessibility things,
these new flows that we need
to implement right now,
such as the identification first flow.
So we first ask for
any identification, and
then we see how can we identify the user.
We created the server with a simple
data structure in JSON, and
all the web services.
And we cover most of the API
available in web authentication.
There are some advanced tips to understand
and all the cryptographic part and
all the possibilities, all the filters
where you can pick how do you want
the data or
how do you wanna select the authenticator.
But as you can see, the code that we have
created is covering most of the use cases.
And then, we cover this mix between
passkeys and magic links that some
people are saying passlinks as a way to
have a passwordless world in the future.
That's all I have.
>> [APPLAUSE]